= geeklets

Geeklets is a collection of scripts for use with GeekTool.
Here is the breakdown of the scripts

== Note about these scripts.

At the moment - they are all focused on my particular needs, so
they are currently hardcoded for my area of Virginia, USA. As this
project develops I will be trying to find a way to refactor that depency
away, and allow individual users to customize for their needs.

Just be aware, that right now, unless you live in the Washington Metro area,
some of these scripts won't be useful for you.

Run them with a -h parameter for details.

== get_weather_icon

Gets the current weather icon from yahoo, and saves it to the tmp directory.

== next_months_calendar

Runs the unix "cal" command for whatever the next month from now is.

== OPM_alerts

Gets the Office of Personnel Management alert for the current day.
This if for things like Federal Government closings and delays due to weather.

== trash_usage

A wrapper for the unix "du" command to display the amount of space taken up by
the traash on an OS X mac.

== VRE_alerts

Shows the alerts for today for the Virginia Rail Express

== WMATA_alerts

Shows the alerts and delays for the Washington Metro Area Transit Authority,
the "Metro" subway and trains.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 John F. Schank III. See LICENSE for details.
